Add ERC7579 Account and validator modules (#5250)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/serious-horses-jump.md

---
'openzeppelin-solidity': minor
---

> `SignatureValidator`: An abstract ERC7579 module that allows to validate signatures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SignatureValidator`: An abstract ERC-7579 module that allows to validate signatures.
```
